Hey guys welcome back to the chorus.
So last section we're going to talk about what do you do after this class.
If you're someone out there who wants to learn how to program we're going to talk about each individual
language and track what's the best way of tackling learning that what programs are available what resources
online are the best and give you the best kind of are lie for your time and your money.
Now if you are actually interested in learning how to program and you're more about hiring people managing
them and communicating with them then this is still I think useful because you'll know where to look
for people to hire and then actually kind of gives you a jump on other people.
Most people just posted job ads but if you actually understand where people are learning front end development
go to learn it and where the actual smart good talented ones go that will actually help you quite a
bit.
When it comes to recruitment our guys in the next section we're just gonna take a brief pause and work
on a set of four concepts that people really get confused all of the time.
Web Development Software Development full stack development and then what people call hackers.
OK.
None of those are really that similar.
You need to understand what they actually entail.
Otherwise you're just gonna say the wrong thing and get the wrong person.
All right see you then.